README.md, before:

# TIL: Today I Learned

A personal knowledge base. Not necessarily today, but these are the things I learned that are too short to be a full blog post.

### Android

- [Install a specific version of Gradle](android/install-specific-version-gradle.md)
- [Get Unique Device ID](android/get-unique-device-id.md)

### C#

- [Calculate SHA256](csharp/calculate-sha256.md)

### Games

- [No Man's Sky](games/no-man-s-sky.md)
- [Valheim](games/valheim.md)

### Git

- [Move Subdirectory into Separate Git Repository](git/move-subdirectory-into-separate-git-repository.md)
- [Generate and Apply Patches](git/generate-and-apply-patches.md)
- [Configure Git to Ignore Local Files](git/configure-git-to-ignore-local-files.md)
- [Create a Changelog From Git Commits](git/create-changelog-from-git-commits.md)
- [Git Log Pretty Format](git/git-log-pretty-format.md)
- [Checkout a Single File From a Specific Commit](git/checkout-a-single-file-from-a-specific-commit.md)

### Maths

- [Rotating Vectors Using Quaternions](maths/rotating-vectors-using-quaternions.md)
- [Finding the Intersection of Two Polygons](maths/finding-the-intersection-of-two-polygons.md)

### Netflix

- [Netflix Browse by Genre](netflix/netflix-browse-by-genre.md)

Commit message:

Add new TIL: Get a List of Added/Modified Files in a Commit

README.md, after:

# TIL: Today I Learned

A personal knowledge base. Not necessarily today, but these are the things I learned that are too short to be a full blog post.

### Android

- [Install a specific version of Gradle](android/install-specific-version-gradle.md)
- [Get Unique Device ID](android/get-unique-device-id.md)

### C#

- [Calculate SHA256](csharp/calculate-sha256.md)

### Games

- [No Man's Sky](games/no-man-s-sky.md)
- [Valheim](games/valheim.md)

### Git

- [Move Subdirectory into Separate Git Repository](git/move-subdirectory-into-separate-git-repository.md)
- [Generate and Apply Patches](git/generate-and-apply-patches.md)
- [Get a List of Added/Modified Files in a Commit](git/get-a-list-of-added-modified-files-in-a-commit.md)
- [Configure Git to Ignore Local Files](git/configure-git-to-ignore-local-files.md)
- [Create a Changelog From Git Commits](git/create-changelog-from-git-commits.md)
- [Git Log Pretty Format](git/git-log-pretty-format.md)
- [Checkout a Single File From a Specific Commit](git/checkout-a-single-file-from-a-specific-commit.md)

### Maths

- [Rotating Vectors Using Quaternions](maths/rotating-vectors-using-quaternions.md)
- [Finding the Intersection of Two Polygons](maths/finding-the-intersection-of-two-polygons.md)

### Netflix

- [Netflix Browse by Genre](netflix/netflix-browse-by-genre.md)
